I was born in 1943 as the eldest son of six siblings.
My father expected me to become a judge or a prosecutor.
I was baptized on October 24, 1959, during my first year of high school.
The more I did personal study, I came to the conclusion that rather than spending four
years in higher education, it would be more beneficial for me to pioneer while delving
deeper into the Bible through personal study.
So instead of going to college, I began regular pioneering in February 1962 and 11 months
later in January 1963, I was assigned to serve as a special pioneer.
I was convinced that I had chosen the best path.
That's why when I hear the successful careers my old classmates have had, I don't feel
jealous at all.
Instead, I think of how nice it would be if they too learned the Bible truths like I did.
I was assigned to the traveling work in 1971, but due to adjustments in our organisation
and because of my conscientious objection to military service, I had to stop serving as
a travelling overseer on two separatications.
When I received a new assignment as a field instructor, I'd really enjoyed that work.
Before we were reassigned once again a special pioneer in September 2014, I was a bit disappointed
at first since I really enjoyed teaching and I felt I could have continued as a field instructor
for another ten years.
Hoping to bring glory to Jehovah, I prayed earnestly to be able to use the experience I had gained
over the years to bring glory to God and find interested ones.
Unexpectedly, I was blessed with ten great Bible studies and that renewed my love of
teaching.
We know that Jehovah gives each individual work that is perfectly suited to them.
We feel that serving a special pioneers, as we currently do, is a rewarding assignment
that brings us happiness.
Looking back at all that has happened and counting all the years we've been in a special
full-time service, we realise that together we have been serving for more than a hundred
years.
One thing I learned from this was that if you adhere to theocratic direction, many blessings
are sure to follow.
Just as he promised, Jehovah is given us everything we ever needed and more.
He gave us not just a hundredfold but a hundred times a hundredfold, brothers and sisters
who were like family to us.
We got married on April 1st, 1968, so as of this year we have been married exactly
fifty years.
In June 2017, my wife was not feeling well and we went for a health check-up.
She was diagnosed with stage 4 bone cancer and it had spread all through her back.
She felt very weak and we had a very difficult time, but Jehovah gave us strength and wisdom
to endure and now her condition is more stable.
Now our health is not as good as it used to be, but thanks to the loving and firm special
pioneer arrangement, we were able to keep serving Jehovah faithfully without it being a burden.
Through economic troubles, health problems and all of the difficulties that we encountered,
we always felt that Jehovah was with us.
So we really feel that Jehovah has securely wrapped us in the bag of life and has watched
over us throughout our lives, just as he had promised in 1 Samuel 2529.
These days we pray to Jehovah that we can serve him faithfully, survive Armageddon
together and enjoy everlasting life in the new system as an eternally married couple.